# Tokenomics

## **What is $TSU?**

$TSU tokens are revenue shares in Kintsugi Finance, through which holders earn profits generated by Kintsugi Finance when staked, and are entitled to vote on important platform decisions.

$TSU, otherwise known as TSU, is the native governance token of our project. By staking it in a TSU Native vault, the TSU earnings pool, or any BIFI liquidity vault, or simply holding this token in your wallet, users can participate in the DAO decision-making governance processes of Kintsugi Finance.&#x20;

Governance proposals are submitted on [https://vote.kintsugi.finance/#/](https://vote.kintsugi.finance/#/) and users are encouraged to vote. Users do not need to un-stake their tokens to participate in the voting process. This incentivizes much more voter participation as it means users don’t miss rewards. More details of the voting procedure are available on the [Governance page](../../community-governance/governance.md).

Platform revenue is generated from a small percentage of all the vault profits and distributed back to those who stake $TSU. The revenue sharing mechanics entail you can stake $TSU to either earn more $TSU in a TSU Native Vault or earn blue chips like $ETH, $USDT, $USDC, and more in the various TSU Earnings Pools.



$TSU staked in the TSU Native vault allows users to accumulate more $TSU. In order to distribute TSU to anyone who has staked in the TSU Native vault, $TSU buy-backs from the open market are performed as the token is non-inflationary and will not mint any more TSU tokens, ever.

To get your hands on TSU, head to Sushiswap.

## **How is the protocol revenue distributed?**

All revenue generated on the platform from vault fees is sent to and handled by the RewardPool smart contract in the form of the native token of the chain. Anyone who stakes their $TSU in either one of TSU Earnings Pools or a TSU Native vault receives their proportional share.

## **What’s the** TSU Native **vault?**

The TSU Native vault allows users to stake their $TSU much like in the native token earnings pool, but receive instead their rewards in $TSU. By staking their $TSU, each participant converts and compounds their share of the protocol’s revenue into more TSU tokens. As no more TSU tokens are to be minted, these are provided to stakers by buying TSU from the open market with the native token of the blockchain.

This Vault is for users that want to convert and compound their share of the protocol's revenue in more TSU tokens. As TSU has no inflation, the strategy market buys TSU with native token rewards.

## **Where can I buy $TSU?**

$TSU can currently be found in decentralized exchanges, including Sushiswap.        Buying $TSU usually involves exchanging it for another crypto-coin or token through a liquidity pool.

## **How do I use my $TSU?**

To stake your $TSU, head to the [Kintsugi site](https://app.kintsugi.finance) and search for our Native or Earnings Pool vaults. You can also deposit your $TSU into LP positions either by finding an LP vault on the Kintsugi site (and zapping your $TSUinto it) or by heading to one of our partner Dexes and investing in the LP directly on their site. Finally, to use your $TSU for voting, head to our [Snapshot site](https://vote.kintsugi.finance) and read through the [Governance page](../../community-governance/governance.md) for more details.
